README.md, before:

# Dwata

**Understand, monitor or manage Business data without SQL or code. Track User growth, find Sales insights or bottlenecks, share KPIs without engineering.**

![Home Screen](docs/assets/Home_view_v3.png?raw=true "Home Screen")

## What is dwata?

- Complete software for Business insights and operations
- Query complex data **without any SQL or code**
- Share business insights with entire team
- Onboard team members easily to your Business process
- Keep track of KPIs from any data source, compare Weekly/Monthly/Quarterly growth
- Directly integrates with Stripe, Mailchimp, PayPal, Shippo, etc.
- Build live Reports and Dashboards for customers/suppliers

## Why would you use dwata?

- Created with Sales, Marketing, Analyst or any non-Developer in mind
- No need to invest in Django/Laravel/Rails/Express/... based admin
- Complete auto-pilot software, does not need Developers' help to operate
- Enable and encourage everyone to query Business insights and share

**Building an admin application is an undifferentiated investment that does not add direct value to your customers.**

## Some more details on what it does and how it works:

- dwata scans MySQL/PostgreSQL/SQLite or MongoDB (coming soon)
- **Automatically understands** data schema - Tables, Columns, Relations
- Builds dynamic UI automatically with Grids, Widgets, Column view, etc.

![Grid showing columns](docs/assets/Grid_view_v4.png?raw=true "Grid showing columns")

- Visually allows you to **Merge** related data, generates SQL for you!

![Merge related data](docs/assets/Grid_Merge_view_v4.png?raw=true "Merge related data")

- Visually apply Aggregates, Averages, Grouping and many other functions (coming soon)
- Can connect directly with Stripe, PayPal, Mailchimp, etc. (coming soon)
- Has Widgets for everything from Numbers, Booleans, Large text, Dates, Geographic data...

![Boolean and large text fields](docs/assets/Detail_view_v4.png?raw=true "Boolean and large text fields")

- Full search for across all of your data sources (coming soon)
- Internal cache so Queries are not repeated unnecessarily

**dwata is in early development stage.**

Commit message:

(docs) Updates to README, new gif show DB reflection

README.md, after:

# Dwata

**Understand, monitor or manage Business data without SQL or code. Track User growth, find Sales insights or bottlenecks, share KPIs without engineering.**

![Home Screen](docs/assets/Home_view_v3.png?raw=true "Home Screen")

## What is dwata?

- Complete software for Business insights and operations
- Query complex data **without any SQL or code**
- Share business insights with entire team
- Onboard team members easily to your Business process
- Keep track of KPIs from any data source, compare Weekly/Monthly/Quarterly growth
- Directly integrates with Stripe, Mailchimp, PayPal, Shippo, etc.
- Build live Reports and Dashboards for customers/suppliers

## Automatically infer (reflect) Database structure
![Automatically infer Database structure](docs/assets/Screencast_DB_Reflect/DB_Reflect.gif?raw=true "Inferring Database structure")
**Uses DB Reflection from SQLAlchemy**

## Modern User Experience
![Grid showing columns](docs/assets/Grid_view_v4.png?raw=true "Grid showing columns")
**Show JOINed tables in a nice way**

## Multi-table merge (1-1, 1-M Relations)
![Merge related data](docs/assets/Grid_Merge_view_v4.png?raw=true "Merge related data")
**There is not SQL to write, everything is visual!**

## Automatically generates SQL
### JOIN, Sub-query, Grouping, Aggregates, etc.
![Generates SQL for JOIN or Sub-query](docs/assets/Generated_SQL_v4.png?raw=true "Generates SQL for JOIN or Sub-query")

## Rich set of UI Elements
![Boolean and large text fields](docs/assets/Detail_view_v4.png?raw=true "Boolean and large text fields")

## Why would you use dwata?

- Created with Sales, Marketing, Analyst or any non-Developer in mind
- No need to invest in Django/Laravel/Rails/Express/... based admin
- Complete auto-pilot software, does not need Developers' help to operate
- Enable and encourage everyone to query Business insights and share

**Building an admin application is an undifferentiated investment that does not add direct value to your customers.**

## Some more details on what it does and how it works:

- dwata scans MySQL/PostgreSQL/SQLite or MongoDB (coming soon)
- **Automatically understands** data schema - Tables, Columns, Relations
- Builds dynamic UI automatically with Grids, Widgets, Column view, etc.
- Visually allows you to **Merge** related data, generates SQL for you!
- Visually apply Aggregates, Averages, Grouping and many other functions (coming soon)
- Can connect directly with Stripe, PayPal, Mailchimp, etc. (coming soon)
- Has Widgets for everything from Numbers, Booleans, Large text
- Dates, Timestamps, Geographic data (with Maps) coming soon
- Full text search coming soon
- Internal cache so Queries are not repeated unnecessarily

**dwata is in early development stage.**
